---
title: My First Post
published: 2024-05-01
updated: 2024-11-29
description: 'Read more about Markdown features in Fuwari'
image: ''
tags: [Demo, Example, Markdown, Fuwari]
category: 'Examples'
draft: false 
---
First version: Today, I officially created my first blog, where I began to track my progess. Following is my diary: 
I woke up at 12 pm without any awareness. I have been suffering from an illness for three days. It's a bit hard to wake up feeling good.
I wanted to go to the university library for self-study, but when I was almost on the ground floor, I felt kind of hungry then I took a look at my watch, I thought I needed to have lunch at such a late time.
while I was in the kitchen on the ground floor, I kind of hesitated to cook, as there was none of my favourite food for me to cook, and I was a bit tired due to this illness so I only wanted to sit down in the library and study. After a long time thinking about it, I at last cooked some fried-rice for myself. It tasted delicious. I kind of appreciated my cooking skills. 
After finishing my meal, I went to uni to study until around 6 pm before I came back home. It's now around 02:23; it’s a bit late, so I need to stop writing."

Today, I officially created my first blog, where I began to track my progress. Below is my diary entry:
I woke up at 12 p.m. without any awareness. I have been sick for three days, and it's been a bit hard to wake up feeling well.
I wanted to go to the university library for self-study, but when I was almost on the ground floor, I felt kind of hungry. I looked at my watch and thought, "It's already this late—I should have lunch."
While I was in the kitchen on the ground floor, I hesitated to cook because there wasn’t any of my favorite food left. I was also still a bit tired from being sick, so I just wanted to sit down in the library and study. After a long time thinking about it, I finally cooked some fried rice for myself. It tasted delicious, and I appreciated my cooking skills.
After finishing my meal, I went to the university to study. I stayed there until around 6 p.m., then came back home. Now it’s 2:23 a.m.—it’s a bit late, so I need to stop writing for today.


