---
title: My First Post
published: 2024-05-01
updated: 2024-11-29
description: 'Read more about Markdown features in Fuwari'
image: ''
tags: [Demo, Example, Markdown, Fuwari]
category: 'Examples'
draft: false 
---

The orginal: 
I have not recorded for around 3 days. There are many things happened to me. The first thing was that I went to work at the ralph lauren store as a waiter.
It is an interesting journey or my first journey in such a event where I need to serve food and drinks. 
At the begning,  I was not used to such an environment but after several hours, I can deal with most of the situations and learned a lot of things.
At all, It's an interesting working experience, the staffs there are kind and friendly, the environment is clean and beautiful, and they pay me a high salary. I like there.
I also want to mention the second thing that my original belief has been changed. 
I believe that I need to focus on doing only one thing, by through feeling the mind, treating it as a solid item and then pointing to the thing I am doing.

2:
I have not recorded for around 3 days. Many things have happened to me. The first thing was that I went to work at the Ralph Lauren store as a waiter.
It is an interesting journey—my first time at such an event where I needed to serve food and drinks.
At the beginning, I was not used to such an environment, but after several hours, I could deal with most situations and learned a lot of things.
Overall, it’s an interesting working experience. The staff there are kind and friendly, the environment is clean and beautiful, and they pay me a high salary. I like it there.
I also want to mention the second thing—that my original belief has changed.
I believed that I needed to focus on doing only one thing, by feeling the mind, treating it as a solid item, and then pointing to the thing I was doing.
I believed that to focus on doing only one thing, I needed to become aware of my mind, treat it as something tangible, and direct it fully toward the task at hand."

